//Notes: hint are usually first and last character interjected with * unless there is a "hint: ..." chunk. When there is a "hint: ..." chucnk, just print out whatever follows the colon. Not all words have an "hint: ..." If the person types in HINT, then the program must print out the hint or print out the "[first charcter]*****[last character]"
//Note: e.g means example. ALl words will have an e.g. If the person gets the question wrong, then print out the example (e.g).
//Note: make sure ur programs don't make //Note a word :D
bard: (n) a poet
	e.g: The wandering bard had an impressive knowledge or poetry
remedial: (n) supplying a remedy; intended to correct
	e.g: I had to take 15 remedial English course in college because my high school never taught me grammar
	hint: re*****
dichotomy: (n) the grouping of something into two distinct categories
	e.g: The dichotomy of evil and good may stem from the communist era
motley: (adj) having elements of great variety; composed of many colors
	e.g: The motley of species in the rainforest is astounding.
paramount: (n) supreme; of highest importance or power
	e.g: At the moment, Bill's paramount concern was how he was going to get home in time to watch the next episode of "Ningago: Masters of Spinjitsu"
	hint: para-something
score: (v) to make lines or cuts
	e.g: With the help of my magic java stick, I scored the dirt with the words "System.out.println(hello world);"
effervescent: (adj) high spirits or excitement
	e.g: The effervescent little kid was so excited to learn computer science, Richard couldn't deny his request to join the Advanced Data Structures and Algorithms class
	hint: effer-something
habitat: (n) a place where something is usually found
	e.g: "See that in forest!" Bear Grylls exclaimed, "That right there is a wild bear in its natural habitat"
languish: (v) to decay; to lose energy or health
	e.g: Done with SAT classes, the exhausted student languished in front of the TV for the remaining weeks of summer
tender: (n) a legal offer
	hint: it also means that something is soft
	e.g: The tender was not accepted by the judge for he felt that it was unjustified.
malinger: (v) to pretend to be sick to avoid going to work (or your SAT Prep class :D)
	e.g: The SAT student hatched an amazing plan to malinger from elite tomorrow: eating posion ivy.
	hint: ends with linger.
ambiguous: (adj) having multiple interpretations
	e.g: His ambiguous phrasing made it impossible to figure out what he was trying to say. 
	hint: NO HINT FOR THIS ONE :D
elicit: (v) to create some sort of response
	e.g: Billy's insult elicited the most fearsome response: "Your a bigger one!"
	hint: sounds like lick
implore: (v) to beg
	e.g: Even though parents of the student implored him to try computer science, the stubborn student refused to change his major.
ignominy: (n) shame
	e.g: A feeling of ignominy washed over the student when Hansel realized he had just copy pasted Nolan's code for the project.
predilection: (n) preference
	e.g: John has a predilection for a board game called "Minions"
revere: (v) to venerate; to honor
	e.g: I revere Nik for bestowing his knowledge of Computer Science to me.
restitution: (n) compensation
	e.g: The angry asian parent remanded restitution for the SAT classes after her child scored a 1500 instead of the expected 1600.
compensation: (n) restitution
	e.g: Compensation is a long word. I am getting lazy now.
	hint: its not restitution :D
diction: (n) word choice
	e.g: The author utilizes strong diction to emphasize her opinion on education. 
congenial: (n) friendly
	e.g: Everyone loves Yale because of his congenial nature; his friendliness makes everyone's day a little brighter.
nascent: (adj) something that was just born
	e.g: The nascent plan to malinger was still full of holes, the most obvious one being where to get posion ivy.
demographics: (n) distribution of human populations
	e.g: The SAT student felt like he learned more about demographics than math from this simple lesson on charts.
salutary: (adj) beneficial especially when the thing described is unpleasant
	e.g: Although very unpleasant at times, studying SAT vocab can be salutary and help one in the long term
vitality: (n) life force
	e.g: His vitality waning, the old man spoke his last words: "System.out.println("bye world")"
	hint: they use this word in games sometimes.
saga: a long story usually of a hero
	e.g: Although the recount of bard's saga took 3 hours, he never lost the audience's attention.
	hint: NO HINT :D
optimum: best possible time/condition
	e.g: Waiting for the optimum time, the boy kept the purple flower in his lunch pail so he could reveal it to his crush at the perfect time.
	hint: ends with "mum"